feat(JMA-34): identities management (#56)
mia-platform/documentation: docs/development_suite/identity-and-access-management/overview.md

# Identity and Access Management

> The Mia-Platform Console allows different identities to access Companies and resources with specific levels of authorization. There are two types of identity:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Mia-Platform Console allows different identities to access Companies and resources with specific levels of authorization. There are two types of identity:
```

- User: an actual individual whose account is configured for human-to-machine communication. Find out how to manage Users in the [User Management](./users-management) page. 
- Service Account: a non-human client which is used for automated processes and machine-to-machine communication. Learn all about Service Accounts in the [Service Account Management](./service-account-management) page. 

The Console is based on hierarchical levels: assigning specific roles and permissions to both Users and Service Accounts is important for defining responsibilities within your Companies and Projects. Discover more about [Console Levels and Permission Management](./console-levels-and-permission-management).

> Users with enough administrative permission on a specific Company or Project can view the existing Users and Service Accounts and perform actions on them. Here's an example of how the Identities table appears for a Company.  

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Users with enough administrative permission on a specific Company or Project can view the existing Users and Service Accounts and perform actions on them. Here is an example of how the Identities table appears for a Company.  
```

> Users with enough administrative permission on a specific Company or Project can view the existing Users and Service Accounts and perform actions on them. Here is an example of how the Identities table appears for a Company.  

Author: ```suggestion
Users with enough administrative permission on a specific Company or Project can view the existing Users and Service Accounts and perform actions on them. Here is an example of the Identities table of a Company, which can be found in the IAM (Identities Access Management) section:  
```
